ZenHacks
    http://www.zenspider.com/ZSS/Products/ZenHacks
    support@zenspider.com

** DESCRIPTION:
  
ZenHacks is a semi-random collection of libs and scripts that just
don't belong in a package of their own. Many, if not most, have
dependencies on other packages and use, abuse, or extend them in
interesting ways.

This package is not supported in the same sense that my other packages
are, but since it is such a fun playground, I am very open to
contributions, suggestions, and bug fixes. I just can't put this
project at the top of my priority list the way I can/do the others, so
it may take me longer to get to than normal.

** FEATURES/PROBLEMS:
  
+ RubyInline Hacks
	+ zenprofile.rb
+ ParseTree Hacks
	+ parse_tree_graph
	+ parse_tree_graph.rb
	+ test_parse_tree_graph.rb
	+ discover.rb
+ RubyToRuby Hacks
	+ ruby2ruby.rb
	+ fixloops.rb
	+ hasty-fix.sh
	+ hasty.rb
+ RubyToC Hacks
	+ zenoptimize.rb
	+ cheat.rb - basically the same thing as r2c_hacks.rb... FIX
	+ r2c_hacks.rb
	+ reconstruct.rb - demonstrates r2c_hacks
+ Testing Hacks
	+ stat.rb - shows
+ Misc Hacks
	+ graph.rb
	+ macgraph.sh
	+ muffdaddy.rb - allows you to very easily wrap objects and classes.
	+ OrderedHash.rb/TestOrderedHash.rb - Orderered keyed collection.
	+ class-path.rb
	+ timezones.rb - fixes the fact that you can't get timezones from Time.

** SYNOPSYS:

  DOC

** REQUIREMENTS:

+ DOC

** INSTALL:

+ DOC

** LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2001-2005 Ryan Davis, Zen Spider Software

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
